Added "VoiceCreated" for units as alternative to CreateSound (#1101)
Phobos-developers/Phobos: docs/New-or-Enhanced-Logics.md

SellSound=      ; sound entry
```

### Sound entry on unit's creation

> - When unit is created, at it's position `VoiceCreated` will be played.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When a unit is created, sound specified in `VoiceCreated` will be played for the unit owner.
```

Author: Well, I can add toggle to make it global, but with global `VoiceCreated` sound I need to disable EVA's `UnitReady` to prevent 
mess
